Add docs for sidecar injector watchdog (#2601)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/operations/hosting/kubernetes/kubernetes-production.md

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
Since Dapr is intended to do much of the I/O heavy lifting for your app, it's expected that the resources given to Dapr enable you to drastically reduce the resource allocations for the application.
{{% /alert %}}

> The CPU and memory limits above account for the fact that Dapr is intended to support a high number of I/O bound operations. We strongly recommended that you use a monitoring tool to get a baseline for the sidecar (and app) containers and tune these settings based on those baselines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CPU and memory limits above account for the fact that Dapr is intended to support a high number of I/O bound operations. It is strongly recommended that you use a monitoring tool to get a baseline for the sidecar (and app) containers and tune these settings based on those baselines.
```

## Highly-available mode

> When deploying Dapr in a production-ready configuration, we recommended deploying with a highly available (HA) configuration of the control plane, which creates 3 replicas of each control plane pod in the dapr-system namespace. This configuration allows the Dapr control plane to retain 3 running instances and survive individual node failures and other outages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When deploying Dapr in a production-ready configuration, it is recommend to deploy with a highly available (HA) configuration of the control plane, which creates 3 replicas of each control plane pod in the dapr-system namespace. This configuration allows the Dapr control plane to retain 3 running instances and survive individual node failures and other outages.
```

Reviewer: In the docs, we stay away from using "we" since this is not clear who this represents.

6. Dapr also supports **scoping components for certain applications**. This is not a required practice, and can be enabled according to your security needs. See [here]({{< ref "component-scopes.md" >}}) for more info.

## Tracing and metrics configuration

Dapr has tracing and metrics enabled by default. It is *recommended* that you set up distributed tracing and metrics for your applications and the Dapr control plane in production.

If you already have your own observability set-up, you can disable tracing and metrics for Dapr.

### Tracing

To configure a tracing backend for Dapr visit [this]({{< ref "setup-tracing.md" >}}) link.

### Metrics

For metrics, Dapr exposes a Prometheus endpoint listening on port 9090 which can be scraped by Prometheus.

To setup Prometheus, Grafana and other monitoring tools with Dapr, visit [this]({{< ref "monitoring" >}}) link.

## Injector watchdog

> The Dapr operator service includes an _injector watchdog_ which can be used to detect and remediate situations where your app's pods may be deployed without the Dapr sidecar (i.e. the `daprd` container) when they should have been. For example, it can assist with recovering after a total cluster failure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Dapr Operator service includes an _injector watchdog_ which can be used to detect and remediate situations where your application's pods may be deployed without the Dapr sidecar (the `daprd` container) when they should have been. For example, it can assist with recovering the applications after a total cluster failure.
```

> The injector watchdog is disabled by default when running Dapr in Kubernetes mode and we recommend that you consider enabling it with values that are appropriate for your specific situation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The injector watchdog is disabled by default when running Dapr in Kubernetes mode and it is recommended that you consider enabling it with values that are appropriate for your specific situation.
```
